[develop] Update documentation about scaling up/down (#2647)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/CLUSTER.md

      default_os_image: default
    ```

>     The [region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.html) lets you chose the most optimal place to deploy your cluster. The `subscription_name` is the Azure subscription under which you want to deploy the cluster.

Reviewer: “Optimal,” already contains the concept of being the most suitable or desirable thing. So saying “most optimal” would be like saying “most most desirable" :)

Author: True but its not mine! :cat:

    Terraform will ask you to sign in to your Microsoft Azure subscription when it prepares to build/modify/destroy the infrastructure on `azure`. In case you need to share cluster management with other people you can set the `use_service_principal` tag to true. This will create a service principle and uses it to manage the resources.

    If you already have a service principle and don't want to create a new one you can do the following. Make sure the `use_service_principal` tag is set to true. Then before you run `epicli apply -f yourcluster.yml` create the following folder structure from the path you are running Epicli:

    ```shell
    /build/clustername/terraform
    ```

>     Where the `clustername` is the name you specified under `specification.name` in your cluster yaml. Then in `terraform` folder add the file named `sp.yml` and fill it with the service principle information like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Where the `clustername` is the name you specified under `specification.name` in your cluster yaml. Then in `terraform` folder add the file named `sp.yml` and fill it up with the service principal information like so:
```

  ...
  ```

- RabbitMQ K8s:

>   Scaling is controlled via replicas in StatefulSet. Rabbitmq on K8s uses plugin rabbitmq_peer_discovery_k8s to works in cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Scaling is controlled via replicas in StatefulSet. RabbitMQ on K8s uses plugin rabbitmq_peer_discovery_k8s to works in cluster.
```
